[Music]
okay traveling by air can be pretty
exhausting so no wonder a lot of people
choose to sleep through it and while
doing so is simply inevitable if you
have a long-haul flight you can actually
put your health at risk if you do is off
during takeoff or landing
you see when a plane is taking off or
landing there's a rapid change in air
pressure inside the cabin and this
affects the air trapped in your ears
because there's not enough time to
equalize the pressure because of it a
vacuum appears in part of your ear
called the eustachian - your ears become
blocked and every sound you hear is
muffled you need to be awake when this
happens otherwise you won't be able to
equalize the air pressure in your ears
by relaxing and opening up your
eustachian tubes and if you don't do
that you'll feel dizzy and your ears
might hurt in the worst case scenario
you might even get an ear infection a
nosebleed or face hearing loss to avoid
all these unpleasant conditions you have
to yawn or swallow a lot to produce
enough saliva to swallow try chewing gum
sucking on hard candy or just drinking
water if this doesn't help then pinch
your nose closed while at the same time
blowing it okay now not snoozing during
takeoff our landing makes perfect sense
but a lot of other things can make your
trip on the plane less safe and less
comfortable for example ignoring the
safety instructions you might be an
experienced traveler and know them
already by heart but don't put on
headphones or talk to your companions
while a flight attendant explains
everything yes most airlines have
similar safety presentations but it
won't hurt to freshen your memory in
case of an emergency
this information could save your life
taking your shoes off it seems like a
good idea to give your feet some rest
from your shoes during the flight but
the planes cabin is airtight and the air
inside is constantly recycled so just
spare your fellow travelers from
sniffing your socks and hope they'll do
the same for you besides the cabins
floor is full of germs but if you really
feel like kicking your shoes off
bring a pair of slippers in your
carry-on not asking a flight attendant
before switching seats you might think
it's no big deal
but it actually is of course if you move
a few rows it won't cause any trouble on
a large plane but doing so on a regional
plane can throw off an airplane center
of gravity which is especially critical
during takeoff so let a flight attendant
know about your plans to occupy some
empty seat you've spotted and make sure
it's okay
wearing your contact lenses choose
glasses during flying especially for
long-haul flights the air in the cabin
is much drier than on the ground and it
can irritate your eyes also if you plan
to sleep during your trip with lenses
that aren't for overnight where you
could harm your eyes even more eating
the food that touched the tray table
unfortunately the cleaning crew doesn't
have enough time between flights to
clean the cabin thoroughly experts claim
that tray tables have eight times more
bacteria than the laboratory flush
buttons so unless you brought your own
placemat and sanitizer say goodbye to
that piece of Sandwich that just fallen
on the tray table goodbye forgetting to
drink water the dry air in the cabin can
make you feel dizzy or have a parched
throat mid-flight so staying hydrated is
important but here's the catch the water
tanks on the airplane aren't the
cleanest thing on earth that's why you
should put an empty bottle in your
carry-on and fill it after the security
check at the airport plus avoid drinking
tea or coffee on board even though they
use boiled water the caffeine in those
drinks has a dehydrating effect using
the blankets many airlines provide their
passengers with blankets and pillows on
demand but they're not washed often
enough either usually the cleaning staff
doesn't take care of them until the day
is over unless you want to wrap yourself
in a blanket that's someone before you
cover their feet with or sneezed on
bring a small one of your own turning
off the air vent over your seat yes it
can get chilly on a plane and you
wanna shiver during your whole trip or
catch a cold but it's better to put a
sweater on than turning off the a/c
different airborne viruses and germs
that are in abundance in any constricted
space can hang in the air for up to 5
hours so without proper ventilation you
just increase your chances of inhaling
them not getting up from your seat
sitting in her seat the entire flight is
bad for your body get up to stretch your
muscles or walk for a few minutes if you
can't get up for some reason you can
still do some exercises right in your
seat for example twist your upper body
from side to side and lift your knees to
your chest
if you have enough legroom flushing the
button in the laboratory with your bare
hand
now just because it's not as dirty as
the tray tables doesn't mean you should
touch it a public bathroom is a public
bathroom even up in the sky after doing
your business wash your hands and use a
paper towel to turn off the water and
flush the toilet you can even use it to
open the bathroom door wearing shorts or
any other clothes that don't cover your
lower body fully think of short dresses
skirts or jumpsuits you probably can
guess by now why it's a bad idea yes
jurors are all around the seats and
they're rarely deep clean so protect
your skin from coming into contact with
them neglecting your skin care if you
fly in the daytime don't forget to apply
your cream with SPF you're much closer
to the Sun on a plane so just being
inside a cabin or not sitting near a
window won't save you from the Rays Plus
don't forget to moisturize your face
during the flight to avoid parched and
itchy skin from the low humidity
drinking fizzy drinks traveling with a
bloated stomach is a real ordeal so stay
away from fizzy drinks since intestinal
gas might expand up to 30% from the
increase in altitude oh my simple
bottled water is your safest bet when
you're in the clouds keeping a heavy
carry-on in the overhead compartment
it's understandable why a lot of
passengers try to bring as much stuff as
possible on board but if a plane enters
an area of turbulence the overhead
compartment might open up and a heavy
bag falling out of it could cause
serious injury to you or someone else
what things are a must in a carry-on for
a plane trip in your opinion let me know
down in the comments not fastening your
seat belt when the sign is on now you
must stay in your seat with a seatbelt
fastened during takeoff taxiing landing
and during turbulence there's no
exception for this rule even for flight
attendants avoid a dangerous situation
by staying in your seat even if you want
to go to the bathroom or stretch your
legs until the light goes back off by
the way keep the belt fastened in over
your blanket if you use one and want to
have a good sleep
this way a flight attendant won't have
to wake you up to make sure you're
following the rule running to the exit
when the plane is landed stay in your
seat no need to rush the open door
pushing others out of your way chances
are you won't save any time by doing so
and simply get stuck in the crowd while
people gather their belongings and kids
you'll just be frustrated in the end
however if you're in a rush for a
serious reason or have a connecting
flight explain it to a flight attendant
before landing and they might help you
get out faster so there hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life